Create documentation pages for Compton functions (#30453)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/fitting/fitfunctions/GramCharlierComptonProfile.rst

.. _func-GramCharlierComptonProfile:

==========================
GramCharlierComptonProfile
==========================

.. index:: GramCharlierComptonProfile

Description
-----------

The GramCharlierComptonProfile function calculates the Compton profile of a nucleus using a
Gram-Charlier approximation convoluted with an instrument resolution function.

> The Gram-Charlier expansion of the Neutron Compton profile, :math:`J(y)` is given by [1] as an

Reviewer: This reference could also be interactive:
```suggestion
The Gram-Charlier expansion of the Neutron Compton profile, :math:`J(y)` is given by Ref. [#Pantalei]_ as an
```

expansion of Hermite polynomials,

.. math::
    J(y) = \frac{e^{-y^2/2\sigma^2}}{\sqrt{2\pi}\sigma}\left[ 1+ \sum_{n=2}^{\infty}\frac{a_n}{2^{2n}n!}H_{2n}\left(\frac{y}{\sqrt{2}\sigma}\right)\right]\label{a}  \tag{1}

where, :math:`\sigma` is the standard deviation (Gaussian width parameter), :math:`a_n` the hermite coefficients and :math:`H_n` the Hermite polynomial terms.
As well as the even polynomial terms, a third order factor is included of the form,

.. math::
    \frac{A}{\sqrt{2\pi} \sigma} \times FSE \times \exp(-z^2) \times H_3 (z) \label{b}  \tag{2}

where :math:`z=y/\sqrt{2\pi\sigma^2}` and :math:`FSE` is an input ampltiude scaling parameter. The Hermite coefficients, :math:`a_n`,
are supplied to the function in the parameters :math:`C_0`, :math:`C_2` and :math:`C_4`. The attribute HermiteCoeffs may be used
to determine which polynomial terms are active, e.g "1 0 1" will cause :math:`C_0` and :math:`C_4` to be active.

The instrument resolution, :math:`R_M`, is approximated by a :ref:`Voigt <func-Voigt>` function.

.. attributes::

.. properties::

References
----------

> [1] Pantalei C, Pietropaolo A, Senesi R, Imberti S, Andreani C, Mayers J, et al.

Reviewer: Continued from the comment above:
```suggestion
.. [#Pantalei] Pantalei C, Pietropaolo A, Senesi R, Imberti S, Andreani C, Mayers J, et al.
```
